virt, DPDK Checkup: Warn about traffic-gen's high privileges (#61982)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-checking-cluster-dpdk-readiness.adoc

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have configured the compute nodes to run DPDK applications on VMs with zero packet loss.

+

> [WARNING]

Reviewer: Would suggest changing the admonition type to `[IMPORTANT]`. According to our style guide, `[WARNING]` is to be used for relaying information about potential system damage, data loss, or a support-related issue.

Author: Done.

====

> The traffic generator pod used by this checkup requires high privileges.

Reviewer 2: Please hint the reader to carefully check the RBAC and SCC they apply and call out that the example pulls in upstream container images that Red Hat is not responsible for.

> The traffic generator pod used by this checkup requires high privileges.

Reviewer: Can you please clarify what you mean by `high privileges`? Having access to the cluster as a user with cluster-admin permissions is listed as a prerequisite. 

Would it make more sense to just add the specific role requirement as a prerequisite rather than as an admonition?

Author: The traffic generator pod has root privileges, and bind mounts to the node's file system.
Combined with the fact that the image is pulled from upstream sources - it is a potential attack surface.

====

> +

Reviewer: You need to remove the `+` on line 31, it is causing alignment issues for the `.Procedure` heading and steps.

Author: Done.

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have configured the compute nodes to run DPDK applications on VMs with zero packet loss.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The traffic generator pod used by this checkup requires elevated privileges:

* It runs as root.

> * It has a bind mount to the node's file system.

Reviewer 3: I think you should also specify how the user can obtain these 2 points, i.e. - how to run the pod as root, and how to bind it to the node's FS.

Author: The checkup automatically creates the traffic-gen pod this way - running as root and with the bind mount to the node's FS.

Reviewer 3: In that case - you might want to add that it is already done by the job, and no user action is required.
Maybe it's just me (and if anyone who reviews this thinks otherwise - please correct me), but to me this looks like a list of things that the user should take care of.

Author: @yossisegev as we've discussed offline, the wording was change.
Is it better now?

Reviewer 3: @orelmisan Indeed, that's clearer now (to me, at least :) ).

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have configured the compute nodes to run DPDK applications on VMs with zero packet loss.

> +

Author: Done.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The traffic generator pod used by this checkup requires elevated privileges:
1. It runs as root.

> 2. It has a bind mount to the node's file-system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It has a bind mount to the node's file system.
```

Author: Done.

> The traffic generator's image is pulled from community sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container image of the traffic generator is pulled from the upstream Project Quay Container Registry..
```
Btw, we do call this out in step 5 of the checkup procedure, so I am not sure if we need to repeat that here.

Author: Done.

Author: > Btw, we do call this out in step 5 of the checkup procedure, so I am not sure if we need to repeat that here.

I wanted to emphasize the combination of a pod with high privileges that is pulled from upstream sources.

> Carefully check the SecurityContextConstraints before applying it.

Reviewer 2: If I read the SecurityContextConstraints, do I find any other elevated privileges than those listed above? If not, asking the user to check the SCC seems redundant.

> Carefully check the SecurityContextConstraints before applying it.

Author: Dropped the line about SCC.
